So I tried and tweak the program in different ways. My tmin is about 43,700,000.It took me a while to discover this, and I had to get as close to the possible relative true error before I even know which number to use. At first I was using iterations of 1 since I thought that it would not take much time. However, this became suprisingly time consuming. So then, I switched gears and decided to comment out the iteration block and decided to just do a check to see if the number of trapezoids I entered was either too high or too low. I use the relative true error printout to help me determine this. Then after a while, I finally came to a number that was just above the correct relative true error limits we are looking for. So then I started testing the lower number of trapezoids by decrementing that number by 100 each time until I can get as accurate as I can to the relative true error. I finally found that number and it is 43,650,000. So then I decided that I needed to comment out the section that I used for testing and let the else block in the while loop do the work for me. I did that, and voila. I have reached my tmin at 43,700,000. This number of trapezoid gives us an absolute relative true error of 4.947E-15 which is really accurate to the limit that we want.Experimenting with this has been tough and a really long process since it took me a while to get the code to actually work as well. It seems there is a precision lost somewhere in my code that prevented me from getting the correct results. But I just fixed that before re-submitting this, Since I was one minute late the first time I submitted it. 
